This program is based off my android device (galaxy S5) and there might be some issues with other deivces
Only run this program when you are inside the Fire Emblem Heroes app as this program uses the touch screen

Please message 2Lazy2BeOriginal#4095 and I'll see what issues there are

Setting up the Android
	1. Go to your android phone and enter settings, then scroll all the way down to "About Phone" 
	see if you can find anywhere mentioning "build model"
	2. Click the build model a few times until it says to "enable developer mode" click yes
	3. Head back to settings and look for a section called "Developer mode" inside there will be an
	option for "USB debugging" enable it.
	4. Plug the phone to your laptop/monitor. via USB, (usb C do not work for some reason)

Setting up the laptop
	1. Click the link at https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools and download
	the appropiate platform (Mine is Windows)
	2. Once clicked, extract that file and then go to into the file and then right click and there
	should be an option that says "Open in Terminal"
	3. Once you click that, copy and paste ./adb devices and your phone should get a notification if you
	want to connect it or not. Click accept
	4. It should display "List of devices" with a random number and "device" if not than repeat step 6-8
	5. To test it out, try "./adb shell input touchscreen swipe 500 500 1000 2000" in the terminal and
	the phone  should scroll up.

Optional: 
	Scroll down to the download section if this page https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy
	Extract the file and open the scrpy file. It should work automatically

Python part:
	1. install python and pycharm to your laptop
	ignore:
        2. Go to the search bar and type command prompt and open the file, then type
            "pip install pure-python-adb"
            "pip install numpy"
            "pip install mss"
    3. Open pycharm and create a new project, from this project you want to copy and paste, the "main.py"
    contents
	2. tap the search bar on the top right, enter "python packages". click it and
	there will be a search bar and simply type "ppadb-uiautomator". Then there should be a install button
	somewhere.
	3. repeat step 2 for "Pillow" and "numpy"


Preperation:
	1. Get past the tutorial and finish downloading the additional files. I'm too lazy to implement a
	way to wait download to finish all the way
	2. Head into settings and make sure that the options ensure the fastest time. Photos are attached on
	what the option screen should look like — click the "misc" button, than settings and match the screen
	3. Head back to the main menu of the game and go through the daily login in bonus and all that. 

Assuming all goes to plan, you can click the green arrow on the top right and watch the magic do its work

While its running:
	While the program is running, you will notice some text being printed out that says "took screenshot..." and "stage complete" 
	The reason why is that the program is not "that" well programed and there are times where you encounter infinite loops and 
	I'll show you the best way of dealing with it


If you are planning on using the program again, you must repeat step 2-5 at the "setting up your laptop"
to turn on the automation app

If the program has some glitches or throws an error. It will throw an error with a message indicating what
book, chapter, level you completed Scroll up till you get ..Num and replace ... with the number listed
program throws at you.
before you click run:
   YOU MUST RETURN TO BOOK 1

	
