While its running:
	While the program is running, you will notice some text being printed out that says "took screenshot..." and "stage complete"
	The reason why is that the program is not "that" well programed and there are times where you encounter infinite loops and
	I'll show you the best way of dealing with it

If it says
	took screenshot becausefinding game over
	took screenshot becausefinding stage clear
but autoplay isn't enabled... Then simply manually "select autoplay" and the bot will run normally.

Also if you are in the game over screen and the same thing happens. Go through the game over screen
and the autoplay and the game will pick up from where it started. (MAKE SURE IT DOES NOT SAY GAMEOVER
DETECTED)

Now if the program breaks out of the pattern, than simply wait for it to enter the
    took screenshot becausefinding game over
	took screenshot becausefinding stage clear
loop and then select the level manually than click autoplay.

THe program does an infinite loop until it detects a "stage clear" just be careful since it automatically
assumes that if it finds a skip button than the level must've completed.

Be aware that it goes from
    finding game over
    finding stage clear
    finding skip button
    finding ...
and the program takes 8 seconds to finish one loop. As in you should click "fight" when it says finding ...
and hit skip once it pops up to make sure you don't run into problems


If there is clearly any of the following is on screen:
    "skip button"
    "any green button"
    "game over screen"
    "stage clear screen"
and the console is printing "took screenshot being finding...".
    -Then you will have to adjust the color values the program uses. Simply go to a image color selecting website (such as https://imagecolorpicker.com/en) and then
    upload the "screen.png" file and use the color picker at

    -When you upload the image and select a point on screen. There will be a section that says
    RGB(r value, g value, b value)
    -Then depending on the problem you want to adjust the numbers inside the
    is_valid_color() functions to + or - 20 the original number.
    -For example if it said RGB(100,125,150)..
    change it to is_valid_color(x,80,120,115,145,130,170)
     do not touch the letter that is at the first comma. It will throw an error


    Note: 20 is an arbitrary number but it gives enough variance while also being specific enough
    Note: for the game over, you want to give it 5 cycles before troubleshooting due to the nature of it.

    Green button:
        -"the halfway point" on the x axis and a green button
        -go to the find_green() function and change the values inside
    skip button:
        -the top right corner and pick the dark red value.
        -go to the find_skip() function and change the values inside
    game over screen:
        -the halfway point of the height. and the dark red value on the G
        -go to the did_game_over() and change there
    stage clear screen:
        -tha halfway point of the width and move down and pick the dark yellow point. DO NOT PICK WHITE
        AS IT OCCURS MANY TIMES IN THE PROGRAM
        -go to the did_stage_clear() and change there

If you encounter an error in the tutorial part. Just finish the tutorial and then set Completed_levels to 3
and return to the main hub and click run again.
If you encounter any issues, don't be afraid to dm 2Lazy2BeOriginal#4095 on discord for troubleshooting